Initial Draft. I'm sure there's lots of work to be done here. (#99)
tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties: bounties/level-2/sep10-javascript-server.md

# JavaScript SEP-0010 Server Reference Implementation

## Award
| Hunter | Reviewer | Type
| :- | :- | :-

> | 1000 XLM | 1000 XLM | Capped (3)

Reviewer: I think it should be more for both parties. The result of this bounty could end up being used by many readers of the SEP so it should be solid and being put up with the right effort. There are many conditions in the SEP that need to be a) implemented and b) thoroughly reviewed.

Author: Agreed. I feel like I have very little frame of reference for what is(n't) a fair award amount (for both hunter and reviewer). 1000XLM would be (at the moment) just about 300USD. Should I double it?

[//]: # (make sure to replace the file-name placeholders `BOUNTY_FILE_NAME_NO_EXTENSION` and `BOUNTY_FILE_NAME_WITH_EXTENSION` in the next two lines with the actual bounty filename)

> 📜&nbsp; View [existing submissions](https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3A%3Csep10-javascript-server%3E) for this bounty. \
> 🔵&nbsp; Start [hunting](https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=begin-the-hunt.yml&link=https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/blob/main/bounties/level-%3C2%3E/%3Csep10-javascript-server.md%3E) this bounty.

Reviewer: The `<` and `>` around the placeholder need to as well. I'll fix the template (#102) as it is not obvious in the current state.
```suggestion
📜&nbsp; View [existing submissions](https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3Asep10-javascript-server) for this bounty. \
🔵&nbsp; Start [hunting](https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=begin-the-hunt.yml&link=https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/blob/main/bounties/level-2/sep10-javascript-server.md) this bounty.
```

done. The SEP includes instructions on how servers should be developed, what
they are expected to send/receive, as well as how clients should interact with
those servers to authenticate to the network for purposes of establishing a
session for the user.

In order for developers to make use of these SEPs, many of them contain
"Reference Implementations," indicating what a *vanilla* example of the SEP
functioning in the real world might look like.

Your task, should you choose to accept it, is to build, document, and make
publicly available a fully-functional server-side application, written in
JavaScript, that fills the role of the server in the SEP-0010 authentication
flow.

When deployed, this implementation should successfully produce a **J**SON
**W**eb **T**oken (**JWT**) after authenticating with a client. All SEP-0010
endpoints should be working and producing the appropriate responses (both
success and error).

### What are the requirements for the bounty hunter?

The bounty hunter should be familiar with JavaScript and HTTP request methods.
They ought to be able to create a server-side application that receives and
responds to various API calls and endpoints.

> ### What are the deliverables?

Reviewer: I think the codebase should also have tests

# JavaScript SEP-0010 Server Reference Implementation

## Award

| Hunter | Reviewer | Type
| :- | :- | :-

> | 3000 XLM | 1500 XLM | Capped (3)

Reviewer 2: This is hard but high value bounty, let's up it to 3500 XLM and 2000 XLM

session for the user.

In order for developers to make use of these SEPs, many of them contain
"Reference Implementations," indicating what a *vanilla* example of the SEP
functioning in the real world might look like.

Your task, should you choose to accept it, is to build, document, and make
publicly available a fully-functional server-side application, written in
JavaScript, that fills the role of the server in the SEP-0010 authentication
flow.

When deployed, this implementation should successfully produce a **J**SON
**W**eb **T**oken (**JWT**) after authenticating with a client. All SEP-0010
endpoints should be working and producing the appropriate responses (both
success and error).

### What are the requirements for the bounty hunter?

The bounty hunter should be familiar with JavaScript, HTTP request methods, and
testing. They ought to be able to create a server-side application that receives
and responds to various API calls and endpoints.

### What are the deliverables?

#### Submission Procedure

  - The bounty hunter will submit a link to a GitHub repository containing the
    reference implementation.

>   - The bounty hunter will submit a link to the SEP-0010 implementation hosted

Reviewer 2: Let's have the SEP-0010 text link to the docs here since it's essential for the bounty and not just supplemental
